source/index.rst, before:

.. George K. Thiruvathukal documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Fri Apr 26 22:37:25 2019.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome
========

You've reached the home page for George K. Thiruvathukal, PhD, version |site-version|.

I'm `Professor of Computer Science at Loyola University Chicago <https://luc.edu/gkthiruvathukal>`_ where I direct the `Software Systems Laboratory <https://ssl.cs.luc.edu/>`_ (site unveiling any day now).

I'm also `Visiting Faculty at Argonne National Laboratory (ALCF) <https://www.alcf.anl.gov/staff-directory/george-k-thiruvathukal>`_ and
collaborate and serve as the lead of software engineering on the `CAM <https://cam2project.net>`_\ :superscript:`2` `Project <https://cam2project.net>`_ at Purdue University.

My research and teaching interests include software engineering, distributed systems, high-performance computing, cyber-physical systems, programming languages and systems, history of computing, computational and data science, computing education, and ethical/legal/social issues in computer science. See :doc:`publications` or :ref:`genindex` if you are looking for a specific work or topic, respectively.

For more information, see the :doc:`about` page.


.. toctree::
   :hidden:
   :caption: Contents:

   about.rst
   research.rst
   publications.rst
   funding.rst
   community.rst
   media.rst

Commit message:

updates to version info & how this site is built

source/index.rst, after:

.. George K. Thiruvathukal documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Fri Apr 26 22:37:25 2019.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome
========

You've reached the home page for George K. Thiruvathukal, PhD. |site-version|

I'm `Professor of Computer Science at Loyola University Chicago <https://luc.edu/gkthiruvathukal>`_ where I direct the `Software Systems Laboratory <https://ssl.cs.luc.edu/>`_ (site unveiling any day now).

I'm also `Visiting Faculty at Argonne National Laboratory (ALCF) <https://www.alcf.anl.gov/staff-directory/george-k-thiruvathukal>`_ and
collaborate and serve as the lead of software engineering on the `CAM <https://cam2project.net>`_\ :superscript:`2` `Project <https://cam2project.net>`_ at Purdue University.

My research and teaching interests include software engineering, distributed systems, high-performance computing, cyber-physical systems, programming languages and systems, history of computing, computational and data science, computing education, and ethical/legal/social issues in computer science. See :doc:`publications` or :ref:`genindex` if you are looking for a specific work or topic, respectively. For more information, see the :doc:`about` page.

*In case you're wondering...*

This site is written in `Sphinx <http://www.sphinx-doc.org/>`_ and builds automatically  using `Travis CI <https://travis-ci.com>`_ and deploys on each successful commit to `GitHub Pages <https://pages.github.com/>`_. A document about this will appear shortly.


.. toctree::
   :hidden:
   :caption: Contents:

   about.rst
   research.rst
   publications.rst
   funding.rst
   community.rst
   media.rst
